README.md, before:

# Contributors
[Angela Tao](https://github.com/xinrantaoangela)

[Luke Bernsterin](https://github.com/lnbernstein)

[Charles Hu](https://github.com/comeom)

[James Luo](https://github.com/jamesluo802)
# Python Package: Foo Barstein
[Package Link](https://pypi.org/project/funny-gpt-stuytowners/0.0.2/#description)


This package was created so you can have Professor Foo Barstein talk with you straight from your terminal. Professor Barstein can do four things - tell you a joke, tell you a haiku, tell you a compliment, and write you an email. Professor Barstein is a fictional character and powered by GPT-3.


### How to Run demo
1. Set your OpenAI API Key by writing the following command in the shell:
  ```export OPENAI_API_KEY=(your key)```
2. Run demo.py with the pipfile with the following command:
  ```pipenv run python demo.py```

### How to run tests
1. go to tests folder by writing the following command in the shell:
   ```cd tests```
2. install all necessary packages by writing the following command in the shell:
   ```pip install openai```
   ```pip install pytest```
3. Set your OpenAI API Key by writing the following command in the shell:
  ```export OPENAI_API_KEY=(your key)```
4.run tests by writing the following command in the shell:
  ```pytest test_functions.py```

Commit message:

added what the functions do to the readme

README.md, after:

# Python Package: Foo Barstein
[Package Link](https://pypi.org/project/funny-gpt-stuytowners/0.0.2/#description)


This package was created so you can have Professor Foo Barstein talk with you straight from your terminal. Professor Barstein can do four things - tell you a joke, tell you a haiku, tell you a compliment, and write you an email. Professor Barstein is a fictional character and powered by GPT-3.


### How to Run demo
1. Set your OpenAI API Key by writing the following command in the shell:
  ```export OPENAI_API_KEY=(your key)```
2. Run demo.py with the pipfile with the following command:
  ```pipenv run python demo.py```

### How to run tests
1. go to tests folder by writing the following command in the shell:
   ```cd tests```
2. install all necessary packages by writing the following command in the shell:
   ```pip install openai```
   ```pip install pytest```
3. Set your OpenAI API Key by writing the following command in the shell:
  ```export OPENAI_API_KEY=(your key)```
4.run tests by writing the following command in the shell:
  ```pytest test_functions.py```

### What the Functions do 
1. gptchat
  gptchat will take the role of Professor Foo Barstein and use ChatGPT to generate a joke, haiku, compliment, or an email so you don't have to be lonely in your terminal anymore. 

2. cowtalk
  cowtalk will take the response from ChatGPT-3 and add "moo" every 3 words so you can talk with cows!
  
3. onewordperline
  onewordperline will play around with how the text is displayed. Instead of left to right, you will be reading from top to bottom. 

4. changepreset
  changepreset will change how ChatGPT answers your question. Use this function to give ChatGPT a different role than Professor Foo Barstein!
